1. Explaining how the highlighted constructs work:

    The highlighted constructs in the code snippet are goroutines, channels, and the make function for creating channels.
    Goroutines are lightweight threads managed by the Go runtime. They allow concurrent execution of functions.
    Channels are communication primitives used for synchronizing and communicating between goroutines. They can be used to send and receive values between goroutines.
    The make function is used to create channels with a specified type and buffer size.

2. Giving use-cases of what these constructs could be used for:

    Goroutines are commonly used for concurrent execution of tasks, such as parallelizing computation, handling I/O operations concurrently, and processing multiple requests simultaneously in server applications.
    Channels are useful for coordinating communication between goroutines, such as passing data between producer and consumer goroutines, implementing synchronization primitives like locks and semaphores, and orchestrating complex concurrent workflows.
    The make function for creating channels with a buffer size can be used to control the capacity of the channel's internal buffer, which can help regulate the flow of data between goroutines.

3. Significance of the for loop with 4 iterations:

    The for loop with 4 iterations creates four goroutines using the go keyword, effectively spawning four concurrent processes to consume functions from the channel.
    This concurrency pattern can help distribute workload across multiple goroutines, leveraging parallelism to improve performance and throughput in concurrent applications.

4. Significance of make(chan func(), 10):

    The make(chan func(), 10) statement creates a buffered channel capable of holding 10 function references.
    The buffer size of 10 allows for asynchronous communication between goroutines without blocking the sender if the channel is not immediately ready to receive the function.
    This can be significant in scenarios where there's a burst of function calls or to smooth out variations in the rate of function production and consumption.

5. Why is “HERE1” not getting printed:

    "HERE1" is not getting printed because the function sending to the channel (cnp <- func() { fmt.Println("HERE1") }) happens before the goroutines start processing functions from the channel.
    Since the goroutines start running after the function is sent, they miss receiving and executing it.
    If you were to introduce a delay before printing "Hello" (fmt.Println("Hello")), it's likely that "HERE1" would be printed because the goroutines would have started running by then, allowing them to receive and execute the function.